README.md, before:

# Axobase

A web-server for the MDIBL Axobase resource.

## To build and run the service on a virtual machine:
    clone the repo
    cd <path_to>/axobase
    docker compose up (or docker-compose up)
## To stop the service:
    cd <path_to>/axobase
    docker compose stop
## To (re)start the service:
    cd <path_to>/axobase
    docker compose (re)start

The above command will expose the service on localhost e.g., http://127.0.0.1:9100. This does not 
provide external access to the application from the web. To gain access to the server from the web,
the machine must be configured with proxy such as Apache or Nginx which can forward all traffic to
127.0.01:9100. Alternatively, the Revel server itself could be run as root and configured to listen on 
port 80. This is not advised. 

## Code Layout

The directory structure of a generated Revel application:

    conf/             Configuration directory
        app.conf      Main app configuration file
        routes        Routes definition file

    app/              App sources
        init.go       Interceptor registration
        controllers/  App controllers go here
        views/        HTML templates directory

    messages/         Message files

    public/           Public static assets
        css/          CSS files
        js/           Javascript files
        images/       Image files

    tests/            Test suites

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect new App Runner hosting.

README.md, after:

# Axobase

A web-server for the MDIBL Axobase resource.

# Making changes

*Note: This app is built on x86 architecture, which means that building on ARM architecture will fail. \
To get around this, make and test changes on Random or another x86 machine. \
Axobase is hosted on AWS App Runner, which deploys the AWS ECR image. \

Before building the new local image, remove old axobase images using 'docker images | grep "axo"' \
Run 'docker rmi -f  <image name>' to remove the old images. \

Pull or clone the GitHub repo and make desired changes. \
Then use 'docker compose up' to build the new image. \
You can view the local changes via ssh tunnel to port 9100 of the server that you're testing on. \
Example: ssh -L 9100:localhost:9100 username@random.mdibl.org \

Next, tag and push the image to our AWS ECR repo: \
First, retrieve AWS credentials with \
'aws ecr get-login-password --region us-east-1 | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 012870262837.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com'

Tag the newly built image using 'docker tag axobase-axobase-app:latest 012870262837.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/axobase:latest'

Push the newly tagged image to ECR using 'docker push 012870262837.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/axobase:latest'

The App Runner service automatically detects the updated image and redeploys the service.

## Code Layout

The directory structure of a generated Revel application:

    conf/             Configuration directory
        app.conf      Main app configuration file
        routes        Routes definition file

    app/              App sources
        init.go       Interceptor registration
        controllers/  App controllers go here
        views/        HTML templates directory

    messages/         Message files

    public/           Public static assets
        css/          CSS files
        js/           Javascript files
        images/       Image files

    tests/            Test suites
